Minor changes to changelog before v4 release (#358)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: Changelog.md

-   Navigable minimap, which will display a zoomed-out map of the entire sample.
    In order to navigate the sample, simply click on the location where you want
    your window, or drag the slider in along the horizontal axis.
-   Zoom to selection button, which will make the window the size of the
    selected area. Hotkey is ALT+Z.
-   Option to toggle logarithmic scale on the Y-Axis, by @danielkucera.

## Changed

-   The Y axis settings are now moved into a dialog. To open the settings
    dialog, press SETTINGS, in the top left corner of the graph. The dialog
    contains the options to toggle linear or logarithmic scale, and the option
    to lock the Y axis.
-   The chart will now only show positive values along the X axis.
-   Backend from the usage of **nrf-device-lib-js** to **nrfutil device** for
    interacting with devices.

## Removed

> -   Support for Power Profiler Kit (PPK1), as it makes it difficult, and
>     sometimes impossible to implement new features. Hence, Power Profiler app
>     will only be usable for Power Profiler Kit II (PPK2). In order to use a
>     PPK1, it is required to use a version before v4.0.0, however, it is
>     recommended to replace your deprecated PPK1 with a PPK2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Support for Power Profiler Kit (PPK1). From this release, Power Profiler app
    will only be usable for Power Profiler Kit II (PPK2). In order to use a
    PPK1, use a version before v4.0.0 or replace the deprecated PPK1 with a PPK2.
    Removing support for PPK1 allows us to add new PPK2 features to the application.
```
The syntax is really hard to read here, so I tried to simplify it using shorter phrases.
